feat(nextjs): Add OpenTelemetry instrumentation docs for Next.js (#7181)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/performance/opentelemetry-setup/javascript.nextjs.mdx

> First, follow the Next.js instructions to set up a [manual OpenTelemetry configuration](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/open-telemetry#manual-opentelemetry-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the Next.js instructions to set up a [manual OpenTelemetry configuration](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/open-telemetry#manual-opentelemetry-configuration). 
```

> At the end of that process you should have added `instrumentation.{js,ts}` and `instrumentation.node.{js,ts}` files to your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check to make sure you've added `instrumentation.{js,ts}` and `instrumentation.node.{js,ts}` files to your application.
```

> Then you need to update your `sentry.server.config.js` file to use the OpenTelemetry instrumenter option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable your `sentry.server.config.js` file to be able to use the OpenTelemetry instrumenter option.
```

```javascript {filename:sentry.server.config.js}
Sentry.init({
  dsn: "__DSN__",
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
  // set the instrumenter to use OpenTelemetry instead of Sentry
  instrumenter: "otel",
  // ...
});
```

> Finally update your `instrumentation.node.{js,ts}` to use Sentry's OpenTelemetry `SpanProcessor` and `SpanPropagator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Update your `instrumentation.node.{js,ts}` so that it uses Sentry's OpenTelemetry `SpanProcessor` and `SpanPropagator`.
```
